---
title: "Cross-Task Consistency Learning Framework for Multi-Task Learning"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2021-03-09-paper-1
excerpt: 'This paper is about the paper, Cross-Task Consistency Learning Framework for Multi-Task Learning.'
date: 2021-03-09
venue: ''
# paperurl: 'http://akarimoon.github.io/files/nakano_cross_task_framework_manuscript.pdf'
# citation: 'A. Nakano, S. Chen, K. Demachi. (2021). &quot;Cross-Task Consistency Learning Framework for Multi-Task Learning.&quot;'
---
This paper is about the paper, Cross-Task Consistency Learning Framework for Multi-Task Learning.

[Download paper here](http://akarimoon.github.io/files/nakano_cross_task_framework_manuscript.pdf)

In this work, we propose an original learning framework for 2-task multi-task learning problem inspired by the ideas of cycle-consistency and contrastive learning. We derive two new loss terms, alignment loss and cross-task consistency loss. The losses are designed to enforce the model to align the predictions of multiple tasks so that the predictions are consistent by using the predictions of one task as inputs to another network to predict the other task. Furthermore, we theoretically prove an inequality relationship that indicates that both losses help the model learn more efficiently and that cross-task consistency loss is better in terms of alignment with the straight-forward predictions. The experimental results demonstrate significant performance of the proposed model and framework on benchmark Cityscapes and NYU dataset.

Note that this paper is currently under review.

© 2021 IEEE.  Personal use of this material is permitted.  Permission from IEEE must be obtained for all other uses, in any current or future media, including reprinting/republishing this material for advertising or promotional purposes, creating new collective works, for resale or redistribution to servers or lists, or reuse of any copyrighted component of this work in other works.